deque objects:

    class collections.deque([iterable[, maxlen]])

        Returns a new deque object initialized left-to-right (using append()) with data from iterable. 
        If iterable is not specified, the new deque is empty.

A deque stands for Double-Ended Queue. 

It is a special type of data structure that allows to add and remove 
elements from both ends efficiently. This makes it useful in applications 
like task scheduling, sliding window problems and real-time data processing.

Example:
    from collections import deque 
    de = deque(['name','age','DOB']) 
    print(de)

Output:
    deque(['name', 'age', 'DOB'])

Types of Restricted Deque:
    Input Restricted Deque:  Input is limited at one end while deletion is permitted at both ends.
    Output Restricted Deque: output is limited at one end but insertion is permitted at both ends.

Appending and Deleting Deque Items:
    append(x): Adds x to the right end of the deque.
    appendleft(x): Adds x to the left end of the deque.
    extend(iterable): Adds all elements from the iterable to the right end.
    extendleft(iterable): Adds all elements to the left end, but elements are inserted one by one from the iterable, resulting in a reversed order.
    remove(value): Removes the first occurrence of the specified value from the deque. If value is not found, it raises a ValueError.
    pop(): Removes and returns an element from the right end.
    popleft(): Removes and returns an element from the left end.
    clear(): Removes all elements from the deque.

Accessing Item and length of deque
    Indexing: Access elements by position using positive or negative indices.
    len(): Returns the number of elements in the deque.

Count, Rotation and Reversal of a deque

    count(value): This method counts the number of occurrences of a specific element in the deque.
    rotate(n): This method rotates the deque by n steps. Positive n rotates to the right and negative n rotates to the left.
    reverse(): This method reverses the order of elements in the deque.

